:sparkles: Add go/v4-alpha base and migration guide from go/v3 to go/v4-alpha (#3032)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/to-be-extended.md

| [kustomize.common.kubebuilder.io/v1](kustomize-v1.md)                              | `kustomize/v1`       | Responsible for scaffold all manifests to configure the projects with [kustomize(v3)][kustomize]. (create and update the `config/` directory). This plugin is used in the composition to create the plugin (`go/v3`).                    |
| [kustomize.common.kubebuilder.io/v2-alpha](kustomize-v2-alpha.md)                  | `kustomize/v2-alpha` | It has the same purpose of `kustomize/v1`. However, it works with [kustomize][kustomize] version `v4` and addresses the required changes for future kustomize configurations. It will probably be used with the future `go/v4-alpha` plugin. |
| `base.go.kubebuilder.io/v3`                                                        | `base/v3`            | Responsible for scaffold all files which specific requires Golang. This plugin is used in the composition to create the plugin (`go/v3`)                                                                                                     |

> | `base.go.kubebuilder.io/v4-alpha`                                 | `base/v3-alpha`      | Responsible for scaffold all files which specific requires Golang. This plugin is used in the composition to create the plugin (`go/v4-alpha`)                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `base.go.kubebuilder.io/v4-alpha`                                 | `base/v3-alpha`      | Responsible for scaffolding all files which specifically requires Golang. This plugin is used in the composition to create the plugin (`go/v4-alpha`)                                                                                     |
```
